Proximity to power deludes some into believing they wield it.
The road to power is paved with hypocrisy and casualties. Never regret.
If you don’t like how the table is set, turn over the table.
I’ve always loathed the necessity of sleep. Like death, it puts even the most powerful men on their backs.
What a martyr craves more than anything is a sword to fall on. So you sharpen the blade, hold it at just the right angle, and then 3, 2, 1.
Competency is such a rare bird in these woods, that I always appreciate it when I see it.
There are two kinds of pain. The sort of pain that makes you strong, or useless pain. I have no patience for useless.
For those of us climbing to the top of the food chain, there can be no mercy. There is but one rule: hunt or be hunted.
That’s how you devour a whale. One bite at a time.
First, you must learn to pull an oar. Only then can you take the helm.
Pay attention to the fine print. It’s far more important than the selling price.
Generosity is its own form of power.
A person’s character isn’t determined by how he or she enjoys victory, but rather how he or she endures defeat.
Sometimes the only way to gain your superior’s respect is to defy him.
People underestimate the importance of detail to the overall impact.
History is earned. You win the day, and then you win the day after, and you do the same thing every day until you’re dead. And you’re remembered not for the winning, but because you never lost.
A diversity of ideas makes us all wiser. True leadership is not running away from those who disagree with you, but embracing them.
Anyone can commit suicide, or spout their mouth in front of a camera. But you wanna know what takes real courage? Keeping your mouth shut, no matter what you might be feeling.
Peace should not have to be bought. Peace should be its own reward.
Harmony is not about what’s lasting or permanent, it is about individual voices coming together for a moment. And that moment lasts the length of a breath.
To improve is to change. To perfect is to change often.
The gift of a good liar is making people think you lack a talent for lying.
There can be no false steps now. The higher up the mountain the more treacherous the path.
The heart can choke the mind when all its blood flows back to itself.

